Meeting transcript — 25/09/2025 at 19:08 (Asia/Kolkata)
------------------------------------------------------------
raghib nasri: Okay, so within up at work. Okay. Repeat now like mujhe lagratically, even size.
raghib nasri: Civic Center size in the exact same movie to maybe where you already copy, paste
raghib nasri: it. But maybe
Viren Pawar: How will same size here?
Atharva: sir, can we continue in English so that what can what can grab it
raghib nasri: Yes, yes, we can continue. Yes, yes, we can continue. So three files are of same
raghib nasri: size, right? So, so in that case, but why it is in same size if two three times
Viren Pawar: Yes.
raghib nasri: it different, same voice is there, but
Viren Pawar: Content is also same for rectal.
raghib nasri: content, but it will not
raghib nasri: Result in same size audio, right? If content is same.
raghib nasri: Exact same size, should not be same. If we will go in bytes or something, then
raghib nasri: there should be some difference. If bytes even bytes are same, it means that his
raghib nasri: copy pasting, right.
Atharva: Yeah, I don't think bites. You'll be same.
raghib nasri: And getting that, that is my concern. Like
Viren Pawar: But I think so that will, that will round of know if it is 1.1, it will show
Viren Pawar: one.
Atharva: Yeah.
Viren Pawar: Like that.
raghib nasri: No, that, that size is good. But if we okay, it's already rounded off when he's
Atharva: Yeah, what we can do is manually select one or two files from each folder and
raghib nasri: providing, okay?
Viren Pawar: Yeah.
Atharva: listen to it or maybe one or two files from per day.
raghib nasri: Then I think with that we didn't what yeah what you both are suggesting is like
raghib nasri: randomly, we will pick and verify. So that is one thing that we should verify.
Atharva: Yeah.
Atharva: Yeah.
Viren Pawar: and I think so, see this also with him only while recording
Atharva: Yes, yes.
Viren Pawar: So that is our yeah that is our authority, I think.
raghib nasri: Oh, we're doing. Okay. Okay.
raghib nasri: Then then it's fine. I think he's providing from remotely from somewhere, then
raghib nasri: it's fine.
Atharva: No, no no. He is continuously monitoring that person.
raghib nasri: Okay. Okay. So can you like just a brief atharva? That what is the progress of
raghib nasri: that limit Summarizer?
Atharva: So, what I have done is I have implemented fast API, and
Atharva: I have used a web books where books that will trigger an event and once the
Atharva: recording is over it will automatically save a file a txt file.
Atharva: Okay, that will be sold locally and once the meeting is over, we can head over
Atharva: to the website, there will be a drop down menu from where we can select today's
raghib nasri: Yeah.
Atharva: date.
Atharva: And we can click on that text and it will automatically transcribe whatever has
Atharva: happened so that if someone wants to listen to yesterday's want to check up,
Atharva: check on yesterday's meeting, even that can be done.
raghib nasri: okay, so as suppose, I am going to start this made, I just started this meeting
raghib nasri: then how I have to run
Atharva: Yeah.
Atharva: Currently. Yeah. Currently, what I've done is I have to first run the fast API
Atharva: file and then I have to run in rock.
raghib nasri: Okay.
Atharva: So that will do the port forwarding that is for security purposes. That we do
Atharva: the port, forwarding towards my laptop.
Atharva: And under under the hood, it works via books where books are just triggers.
raghib nasri: M.
Atharva: That will trigger the what's the meeting, or it, will send a trigger towards the
Atharva: record.ai and it will send the transcribe, whatever that has happened in the
Atharva: meeting.
Atharva: and another thing that I wanted to suggest is, what if we could use our
Atharva: raspberry Pi,
Atharva: That isn't
raghib nasri: No, no prosperity pipe and then everywhere miss anyone? Can start the meeting
raghib nasri: anywhere, right? He's an office.
Atharva: I only live one of us and one of us me, you were raghib's, you parents are or
Atharva: who they are someone like that or anyone like so I come and would be able to do
Atharva: it once everything is implemented just for it.
raghib nasri: But but one of the meeting attended should have that raspberry PI, right?
Atharva: No, no. Just we can just keep one in the office and everyone can access it.
raghib nasri: That dependency. I don't want like if no one is there in the office, then who
Atharva: Okay.
raghib nasri: will access like, Hey, every meeting admin should have either should have. That
raghib nasri: is very pie or instance of the server running in the raspberry PI or maybe every
raghib nasri: time should have sex. One guy will have that raspberry PI and he should all
raghib nasri: always be part of every meeting.
Atharva: No, we don't need to do that. We can, what we can do is we can just
Atharva: Currently, if you see, I have hosted the website on streamlit. What we can do is
Atharva: we can create a web page on stimulate itself where we can submit the meeting
Atharva: link.
Atharva: Anyone who wants to create a meeting that person can submit the meeting and hit
Atharva: on join meeting, and it will automatically do all the things and send the board
raghib nasri: Hmm.
Atharva: over to this meeting.
raghib nasri: The white water raspberry Pi will host.
Atharva: Now, Raspberry Pi will host all the API calling and everything it won't need to.
raghib nasri: And why can't we host that in our AWS?
Atharva: Yeah, we can do that. It is just cost efficient. Raspberry Pi would
raghib nasri: No nobody ever AWS is there, right? So we we already have it subscription. We
Atharva: Okay. Yeah.
Atharva: Yes.
raghib nasri: already have application 10 to 15 applications running there. We can run one
Atharva: Okay.
raghib nasri: more application so issues in that instead. It's no. Yeah, I know, I know what
Atharva: okay, looks
Viren Pawar: I,
Atharva: I just thought,
Viren Pawar: And from packaging point of view also I think so AWS is more attractive. I
raghib nasri: even
Atharva: Yeah.
Viren Pawar: think.
raghib nasri: Problem. Yeah and every time you for one one will need to operate that raspberry
raghib nasri: PI should switch it on and maybe.
Atharva: Now, we can run it, we can keep it on for 24/7.
raghib nasri: For 24/7, but it should, it should be like power continuous power supply should
raghib nasri: be there. It's like many managing your own small server at your premises, right?
Atharva: Yeah.
Atharva: yeah, this
raghib nasri: Fine.
raghib nasri: so maybe like
raghib nasri: Whenever the meeting attend meeting will start, then we need to start that
raghib nasri: application from suppose. It is getting hosted on NUS, then we need to start
raghib nasri: that server on AWS, right?
Atharva: No, we
raghib nasri: Not the start of sorry here, just open that URL on AWS. And from there, it will
raghib nasri: join the
Atharva: Can just paste the link as of now. I have not implemented all of that because
Atharva: I'm not an expert in front end, but so that will look into it, he will use
raghib nasri: Make a very basically, you know, not polished one, like Just you even at express
Atharva: cursor.
Atharva: Yeah.
raghib nasri: UI will work later on. We will give someone task to polish it. Okay.
Atharva: Yes, yes.
Atharva: Yeah.
Atharva: Yes.
raghib nasri: so,
Atharva: And then we can paste the link there and we can send a request for about to join
Atharva: our meeting.
raghib nasri: So fine. So what is next like Atharva? You will keep on working on it and you
raghib nasri: can have a quick demo, maybe day after tomorrow.
raghib nasri: On this.
Atharva: This is slightly hectic so it takes time, maybe Monday.
raghib nasri: Okay, Monday, but I don't want to stop the s2s part also. So as data is coming,
Atharva: Yeah, yes.
raghib nasri: I will say in and you should work on that lake also meaning the system
Atharva: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Today I are today, I had the delegated task to
Atharva: Siddharth and Raj but I think Raj was not available. I even I tried to contact
Atharva: him, multivitamins here.
Atharva: I wanted to get the data sorted in folders in the format that is required by
Atharva: Whisper, but Raj was not available.
Atharva: All right.
raghib nasri: We start with some POC on that like honest was available data.
Atharva: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
raghib nasri: Okay.
Atharva: I think they have done it today, Siddharth and Raj and I do it first thing in
raghib nasri: No, I'm asking within like we can we start Are we good to start with training
Atharva: the morning tomorrow.
raghib nasri: the system within with the available data?
Viren Pawar: Yeah yeah yeah, that was the plan actually Atharva and I conducted also but due
raghib nasri: Yeah.
raghib nasri: Mm-hmm.
Viren Pawar: to some you can say inevability, it was not. It didn't go ahead but tomorrow I
raghib nasri: Yeah.
Viren Pawar: think so we will start training. Definitely.
raghib nasri: Yes, yes, yes. Good.
Atharva: Yes, yes.
Viren Pawar: we will spin up the servers and we will run the pipeline but it will take
Viren Pawar: Estimated around 4 to 5 days rakhi.
raghib nasri: Okay, okay.
Atharva: Sir RV just going to try. If the data that we have is in correct format or we
Atharva: are gonna train it because the data, right that we have right now, it's in
Atharva: complete, we have only three days of data.
Atharva: Yeah, I think we should just check if the pipeline is working and once you have
Viren Pawar: At the most reward.
Atharva: all the data then we can train.
raghib nasri: Yes, yes, do it. But
Atharva: Else it will, it will you know, it will cost us double.
raghib nasri: Yeah. What what is my concern is that, at least, if you will use it in the
raghib nasri: pipeline in any changes needed, any tweak needed. Then we can ask voice artists
raghib nasri: to Tweak so that he will. His effort will say, when we don't duplicate our
Atharva: Yeah.
raghib nasri: effort to make some changes in the tune of voice artist.
Atharva: Yeah.
raghib nasri: So as soon as we get test some data and then maybe voice address will keep on
raghib nasri: continuing Siddharth, what is the timeline like how mode is? He's planning to
raghib nasri: work on to complete? Our requirement like whatever volume we need for data.
Siddharth G: I think we need.
Siddharth G: Like we decided nine days, right? Like around 900 or 10 days it's going to take
raghib nasri: Minus.
raghib nasri: Yes. Okay.
Siddharth G: more because
raghib nasri: M.
Siddharth G: The data is like we expected to generate more than 70 around 75 minutes of data
Siddharth G: per session, but it's less actually it's only 68 minutes.
Siddharth G: Probably need to.
Siddharth G: Have your four days more than what we decided.
raghib nasri: Okay, find it. No worries.
raghib nasri: oh,
raghib nasri: What is task for PRAVIN?
raghib nasri: Within Atharva. Like do we have anything?
Viren Pawar: all right, so Pravin
Viren Pawar: Will catch up with Atharva in Summarizer.
raghib nasri: Okay.
Viren Pawar: Bot can delegate him.
Viren Pawar: Like his delegating Raj and Siddharth anymore.
Viren Pawar: things from
Viren Pawar: Agents agency, or even.
Viren Pawar: But I think so he has a background in CS right Pravin.
Viren Pawar: So yeah, automation.
Viren Pawar: Automation. And even UI. Also, you can refer to PRAVIN. If you have any, what
Viren Pawar: you can say, Atharva tasks for it.
Atharva: Okay.
Viren Pawar: So Pravin, you just calls Atharva, you get this contact and you catch up with
Viren Pawar: him and see what your comfortable with him. And you both can then
Viren Pawar: will come up with some mutual tasks, which will
Pravin Shinde: Is.
Viren Pawar: Like help this project, okay?
Pravin Shinde: Okay, sir.
Viren Pawar: I'm, I also asked him to I do in the group, so he that will be done shortly. We
Viren Pawar: will also be updated there.
Pravin Shinde: Okay.
raghib nasri: Okay.
Viren Pawar: You have any experience in the cloud and awkward?
Pravin Shinde: No sir, no.
Viren Pawar: Yeah, but
Viren Pawar: you know, you figure out how you can
Viren Pawar: Include in.
Atharva: Okay, yes.
Atharva: Sir. Also, another thing after this meeting, can you send another link then we
Atharva: can check out? What the summarizer? What has done?
raghib nasri: Mmm, another link of what like meeting link.
Atharva: Yeah, yes. After after we had done talking about whatever, okay,
raghib nasri: Okay, so we'll we'll rejoin everyone in that new link and you will, then you
Atharva: Yes.
Atharva: Yes.
raghib nasri: will present what? Okay, we'll do that. We'll do now. Okay.
Atharva: Yes, yes. Are we done with whatever you wanted to discuss for both the projects?
raghib nasri: okay, so I'm in
Atharva: projects?
raghib nasri: Yeah, we are done with that.
Atharva: Okay, yes.
raghib nasri: Okay, then sure.